 Expo Hall Information    The Expo Hall will be located in Exhibit Hall A in the David L. Lawrence Convention Center.OPENING RECEPTIONCome kick off PyCon US 2024 with us at the Opening Reception on Thursday, May 16, 2024 in the Expo Hall from 5:00 pm to 7:00 pm EST! Help us wrap up the last day of Tutorials and Sponsor Presentations and get excited for the first day of Talks with some beverages, snacks, and mingling. This is a great time to visit sponsor booths and say hello. Your conference registration is your ticket to the event - just show your badge at the door.MEALSBreakfasts, some breaks, and all lunches will be served in the Expo Hall.EXPO HALL FLOOR TIMESThursday, May 16, 2024 – 5:00 pm to 7:00 pm EST (Opening Reception)Friday, May 17, 2024 – 8:00 am to 5:00 pm ESTSaturday, May 18, 2024 – 8:00a m to 4:30 pm ESTDuring these times, many of our generous sponsors will be in our Expo Hall strutting their stuff. These sponsors are all active members of the Python community, some of whom had their creation at a previous PyCon US! If you use products or services by any of the sponsors, come visit their booth and chat with them. It's a laid-back environment and you can come and go as you please. Stop by, you'll learn a thing or two and pick up some goodies!JOB FAIRIn previous years, we have had an amazing turnout at our Job Fair. Many companies found good prospects during the three-hour event, some receiving hundreds of resumes in a short time.The Job Fair will be open to the public as well as conference ticket holders. Tickets will be available online. This opens up new opportunities to reach the local dev scene, schools, and user groups and increases the Job Fair audience with quality candidates.Date & Time: Sunday, May 19, 2024 from 9:30 am to 1:00 pm ESTLocation: Exhibit Hall A - David L. Lawrence Convention CenterThe Job Fair is open to attendees and the public from 9:30 am to 1:00 pm (3.5 hours).AM Break and Lunch will be served during the Job Fair.STARTUP ROWEvery year, we feature some of the best early-stage startups that use Python on Startup Row at PyCon US.Come visit the Startup Row in PyCon US 2024’s Expo Hall from May 16th-18th, 2024 to see some of the best young companies pitch their startup ideas, and to learn how they are using Python to make an impact. It’s this next generation of Python startups who will continue to build up our community, so let’s show them the support they deserve! Learn more about Startup Row and how to submit an application here.COMMUNITY BOOTHSCome say hi and learn more about other organizations and projects in the open source community at our Community Booths. Nonprofits and open source projects will be able to apply for a free community booth on this website in the coming weeks. Check back soon for information when applications open!POSTER PRESENTATIONSDuring PyCon US 2024, we will celebrate projects large and small through our Poster Session, where dozens of creators will get to interact one-on-one with conference attendees.For PyCon US 2024, posters will be displayed during open Expo Hall hours (May 17th-18th, 2024) as well as a designated plenary Poster Session during the Job Fair (May 19, 2024). During the session, speakers stand with their posters, and the audience circulates freely, seeking out the particular presentations they are interested in and talking directly to the presenter in small groups.Join us in the Expo Hall and see what your fellow Pythonistas have been up to!EXPO HALL FLOOR PLANBe sure to check back here to see where you can find all your favorite sponsors at PyCon US 2024!        