 PyCon US Hatchery Program    The Hatchery program offers a pathway for PyCon US attendees to introduce new tracks, activities, summits, demos, etc, at PyCon US—activities that all share and fulfill the Python Software Foundation’s mission within the PyCon US schedule.With the Hatchery program, we want to provide the opportunity for you, the Python community members, to take active participation and lead new activities and events at PyCon US. We want to provide a transparent process for this, and we also want to ensure that every attendee, whether they are new to the community, or have been at the conference for the 10th time, have the equal opportunity to propose ideas for PyCon US.Please read our blog post to better understand what the Hatchery program is about, and how this year might differ from previous editions of Hatchery. Accepted Hatchery ProgramsAfter careful consideration, we have selected four new PyCon Hatchery programs, each of them unique and focusing on different aspects of the Python community. FlaskConWhen: Friday, May 17, 2024. 11 AM - 6 PM.Join us in a mini conference dedicated to Flask, its community and ecosystem, as well as related web technologies. Meet maintainers and community members, learn about how to get involved, and join us during the sprint days to contribute. Submit your talk proposal today!Organized by David Lord, Phil Jones, Adam Englander, David Carmichael, Abdur-Rahmaan JanhangeerNo advance registration is needed.Community Organizers SummitWhen: Saturday, May 18, 2024. 10:30 AM - 2:30 PM.Do you organize a Conference, Meetup, User Group, Hackathon, or other community event in your area? Are you trying to start a group but don't know where to start? Whether you have 30 years experience or are looking to create a new event, this summit is for you.Join us for a summit of Presentations, Panels, and Breakout Sessions about organizing community eventsOrganized by Mason Egger, Kevin Horn, and Heather WhiteSign up is required.Humble DataWhen: Saturday, May 18, 2024. 3:15 PM - 5:45 PMAre you eager to embark on a tech career but unsure where to start? Are you curious about data science? Taking the first steps in this area is hard, but you don’t have to do it alone. Join our workshop for complete beginners and get started in Python data science - even if you’ve never written a single line of code!We invite those from underrepresented groups to apply to join us for a fun, supportive workshop that will give you the confidence to get started in this exciting area. You can expect plenty of exercises, as well as inspiring talks from those who were once in your shoes. You’ll cover the basics of programming in Python, as well as useful libraries and tools such as Jupyter notebooks, pandas, and Matplotlib.In this hands-on workshop you’ll work through a series of beginner-friendly materials at your own pace. You’ll work within small groups, each with an assigned mentor, who will be there to help you with any questions or whenever you get stuck. All you’ll need to bring is a laptop that can connect to the internet and a willingness to learn!Organized by Cheuk Ting Ho, and Jodie BurchellSign up is required.Documentation SummitWhen: Sunday, May 19, 2024. 10 AM - 3:15 PMA full-day summit including talks and panel sessions inviting leaders in documentation to share their experience in how to make good documentation, discussion about documentation tools such as sphinx, mkdocs, themes etc, what are the common mistakes and how to avoid them. Accessibility of documentation is also an important topic so we will also cover talks or discussions regarding accessibility of documentation.This summit is aimed at anyone who cares about or is involved in any aspect of open source documentation, such as, but not limited to, technical writers, developers, developer advocates, project maintainers and contributors, accessibility experts, documentation tooling developers, and documentation end-users.Organized by Cheuk Ting HoSign up is required. Register NowRegistration for PyCon US is now open, and all of the Hatchery programs are included as part of your PyCon US registration (no additional cost). Some of the programs require advanced sign up, in which case walk-ins will only be accepted if space is available. Please check each Hatchery program carefully to learn whether sign up is required or not.Head over to your PyCon US Dashboard to add any of the above Hatchery programs to your PyCon US registration. Don't worry, you can always change your mind and cancel it later to open up the space for someone else. QuestionsIf you have questions, please email pycon-hatchery@python.org! We welcome your feedback and are happy to provide clarification. PyCon US Hatchery CommitteeMariatta WijayaElaine WongNaomi Ceder        