 Language Summit    TL;DRWhen: Wednesday, May 15, 2024Time: 09:00amWhere: In-Person at the David L. Lawrence Convention CenterCo-chairs: Emily Morehouse, Łukasz LangaBlogger: Seth Michael LarsonSchedule09:00 AM -- Welcome & Introductions -- with Emily & Łukasz09:30 AM Should Python adopt CalVer? with Hugo van Kemenade10:00 AM Strengthening Python's Security Model with Pablo Galindo Salgado10:30 AM -- Coffee break --11:00 AM Free-threading ecosystems with Daniele Parmeggiani11:30 AM Native interface with Petr Viktorin12:00 PM Status of the limited C API with Victor Stinner12:30 PM -- Lunch --1:30 PM Python on mobile: what's next? with Malcolm Smith & Russ Keith-Magee2:00 PM PyREPL - A new default REPL written in Python with Lysandros Nikolaou & Pablo Galindo Salgado2:30 PM Should we make pdb better? with Tian Gao3:00 PM -- Group photo & coffee break --3:30 PM Deterministic cleanup for (async) iterators: reviving PEP-533 with Zac Hatfield-Dodds4:00 PM Implementing argument transformers in a portable way with Jason R. Coombs4:30 PM Lightning talks (submitted on-site)5:00 PM -- We're done! --Python Language Summit 2024The Python Language Summit is an event for the developers of Python implementations (CPython, PyPy, Jython, and so on) to share information, discuss our shared problems, and — hopefully — solve them.These issues might be related to the language itself, the standard library, the development process, the status of Python 3.13 (and plans for 3.14), the documentation, packaging, the website, et cetera. The Summit focuses on discussions and consensus-seeking, more than merely on presentations.FAQCan I come if I don't sign up?Sorry, no. This is an invite-only event with limited capacity at the venue. After you sign up, we will let you know before April 8th if you're invited.Where do I sign up?Use this form: https://forms.gle/JmrDCFUjdrcAWivXADo I need to sign up if I’m a Python core developer?Yes, please! We have limited space, and we want to ensure that we're able to socially distance while still meeting in person. Please register to reserve your space.Can I sign up if I’m not a core developer of a Python implementation?Yes, you can. In the past, we had quite a number of participants who were not core contributors to CPython or other implementations of Python. Among them were maintainers and representatives from BeeWare, CircuitPython, PSF board members, PyCharm, PyPA, etc.Will this be recorded? Can I watch the livestream?No, there will be no recording of the Language Summit, and there will be no live stream available. We understand that this is a disappointment for those who are not able to travel. However, the format of the Summit is not well suited for spectators. It is an intense interactive discussion session among all attendees. Ideas get proposed and get shot down quickly with direct feedback. We need attendees to feel comfortable sharing their thoughts, instead of making them self-censor their feedback due to an invisible crowd looking into the meeting. We understand many people are curious as to what happens during the Summit. As usual, there will be detailed blog posts reporting on the event shortly afterward.The feedback received from the attendees of virtual Summits in 2020 and 2021 shows that online events could only poorly match the interactivity of an in-person event. Given that PyCon US is happening as a regular conference at a physical venue, the Summit is back in the real world with it. Since a hybrid event would compromise the quality of the interaction for everyone, instead, we're focusing our efforts on organizing the best in-person event we can. Feedback from Summits at PyCon US 2022 and 2023 proves this approach is effective.Do I need to be registered to PyCon US to attend the Language Summit?Yes, this is so that you receive a badge and catering during the day. If you only want to attend the Language Summit portion and not the rest of the conference, then we can provide you with a voucher that allows you to be registered at PyCon US. This way you'll be in the system.However, we do recommend that you be registered for the full PyCon US. There are amazing talks and keynotes on the schedule that you wouldn't want to miss.Code of ConductThe PyCon US Code of Conduct applies and will be enforced.If you have any questions, the Core Development section of our Discourse instance is the best place to ask. For private/sensitive communication, write to lukasz at python dot org. Thank you to our   Language Summit Sponsors                                                                   