 Open Spaces    PyCon US 2024 offers more than just talks and workshops! It is a chance to engage with the community and contribute to shaping the event through opportunities like Open Spaces.Open Spaces consists of self-organized gatherings occurring at one-hour intervals within designated rooms across the conference venue. While most of the conference is planned months in advance, Open Spaces are created "in real time" by PyCon US attendees throughout the conference.Open Spaces let you self-gather, self-define, and self-organize any way you like. They're a chance for attendees to come together and discuss a wide range of topics, from technical subjects like computer security and data science, to fun activities like board games and AcroYoga.So whether you're interested in Python-powered maker projects, diversity initiatives, or just want to connect with other attendees, Open Spaces at PyCon US 2024 are the perfect way to do it. Don't miss out on this unique and exciting part of the conference – be sure to show up and see what's happening!HOW DO I PARTICIPATE IN AN OPEN SPACE?It's pretty easy: Just show up :)During PyCon US, there will be Open Spaces boards across from the Staff Office (Rooms 306/307). The boards act as a time table for all the Open Spaces, so you know where and when to go for the Open Spaces you're interested in. If a topic is not listed yet, find an open time slot and add it!WHAT OPEN SPACES ARE THERE?There are Open Spaces on many subjects a bunch of PyCon US attendees would like to discuss. Since the PyCon US attendees are a diverse bunch, so are the Open Spaces. In past years, we've had a mani/pedi party, a feminist hacking space, an AcroYoga space, and a board games room. There's also plenty of the usual suspects of technical subjects, from computer security to your favorite Python project to professional occupations like DevOps.WHERE AND WHEN ARE THE OPEN SPACES?The Open Spaces are in a set of dedicated rooms during all three of the conference days (Friday, May 17, Saturday, May 18, and Sunday May 19). Some rooms may be needed for other events during portions of some days; please consult the Open Spaces boards onsite for the final word on what's going on where.HOW DO I HOST AN OPEN SPACE?The best part? Anyone can host an Open Space! Simply fill out a sticky card with your topic and description, and add it to the Open Spaces board in the open time slot that works for you. It’s also a great idea to add your Twitter handle to the card in case anyone interested in attending your Open Space has a question or would like to contact you about it. In order to promote your Open Space we encourage you to tweet about it and use the hashtag #PyConOpenSpace to make sure people see your tweets.IDEAS FOR OPEN SPACESHere are a few ideas for potential Open Space topics and activities:Hacker space (maker projects) that use Python (e.g. in Raspbery Pis, iOT, home automation, robots / drones / blimps auto piloted with Python)Hacking/networking/devopsData visualization/scienceNatural language processing and generation (e.g. chatbots)Quantified SelfDiversity initiatives, for example a feminist hackerspaceA space for organizers - of conferences, workshops, diversity initiatives (Django Girls, PyLadies, etc.)Framework specific Open Spaces, for example, Django or FlaskHow to contribute to open source - a help / mentoring group for beginnersGitSupport - how to avoid burnoutRecruitment workshopsIf there's a certain Open Space you'd love to see at PyCon US but you don't want to host it yourself, please add it to our list and maybe someone else will take up the topic and host an Open Space about it.PLANNED OPEN SPACESIf you have an idea for an Open Space, and a day and time when you want to meet, please email us and we will list it here on this page. Please note that you will still have to add a card to the Open Spaces boards at PyCon US to officially book a time slot for your Open Space.Planned Open Spaces so far:TBAEmail us with your idea!        