 What is PyCon US?    What is PyCon US?We are so excited to welcome our community to the David L. Lawrence Convention Center in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania for PyCon US 2024!What happens at PyCon US?At PyCon US 2024, you will find an amazing program filled with pre-conference tutorials and sponsor presentations, 90+ of our community’s best talks, which includes our Charlas track, brilliant keynote speakers, posters on display, a lively Expo Hall filled with our incredible Sponsors’ booths, and our famed lightning talks on each main conference day. Following the conference days, there are 4 days of sprints that are free to all attendees and offer an opportunity for anyone to collaborate and contribute to a project even if it is their first time.PyCon US offers a whole host of events such as the Job Fair, Summits, Open Spaces, and PyLadies Auction, and don’t forget about the ‘hallway’ track, which brings together Python users from around the world.To include as many Python users as possible, PyCon US 2024 will offer the online attendance option again this year for anyone who cannot join us in person. PyCon US Online will include live streams of all talks and keynote sessions during the main conference days via the PyCon US 2024 virtual platform, Hubilo.PyCon US 2024 Dates:Tutorials - May 15-16, 2024Sponsor Presentations - May 16, 2024Opening Reception - May 16, 2024Main Conference and Online - May 17-19, 2024Job Fair - May 19, 2024Sprints - May 20-May 23, 2024Who attends PyCon US?PyCon US attracts a unique audience of Python users and community members, from beginners just learning the language to the leading developers in the field to community organizers to the contributors who guide the development of the language itself. Check out our 2023 recap to learn about who attended the last PyCon US.Every year, we hear from sponsors and other attendees that the people they meet at PyCon US are the most engaged conference audience they’ve encountered, that they have conversations there they don’t have anywhere else, and that without exaggeration the course of their lives have been changed by encounters at the event.PyCon US is a diverse conference dedicated to providing an enjoyable experience to everyone. Help us ensure this by following our Code of Conduct.Who makes PyCon US possible?PyCon US is the largest and longest-running annual gathering for the community using and developing the open-source Python programming language. It is produced and underwritten by the Python Software Foundation, the 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization dedicated to advancing and promoting Python and its community. Through PyCon US, the PSF advances its mission of growing the international community of Python programmers.PyCon US is run by the PSF, and the revenue generated by PyCon US is essential to our continued community support and operations. Because the PSF is a nonprofit, we keep PyCon US registration costs much lower than comparable technology conferences. Our goal is for PyCon US to remain accessible to the widest group possible. The PSF also develops the software that runs PyCon US and makes it available under a liberal open source license.As a nonprofit organization, the PSF depends on our generous Sponsors and donors to make PyCon US and the rest of our work supporting the Python ecosystem possible. Learn more about sponsoring the PSF and PyCon US here and apply to Sponsor today, or donate directly to the PSF.We can’t wait to celebrate PyCon US with you, online and in Pittsburgh!ContactsMariatta Wijaya, Conference Chair - mariatta@python.orgOlivia Sauls, Program Director - olivia@python.orgMarisa Camacho, Community Events Coordinator - marisa@python.orgLoren Crary, Sponsorships - sponsors@python.orgAbout Pittsburgh, PAVisit https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/ and the PyCon US Blog for more information about Pittsburgh and all it has to offer!        