 PyLadies Auction    The Twelfth PyLadies Charity Auction will be held in-person during PyCon US 2024 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania!Please join us for an evening of fun and refreshments while supporting the PyLadies community. So, come with a good sense of 'bidding' humor and know that bidding is not required.Date: Saturday, May 18, 2024Time: 6:45 pmLocation: Ballroom A of the David L. Lawrence Convention CenterThe Entry cover charge of $35.00 includes dinner and a drink ticket, while the Supporter cover charge of $50.00 includes dinner, a drink ticket, and a $15.00 contribution to PyLadies. Everyone who attends will also have access to the cash bar. To save your place at the Auction, add the PyLadies Auction to your PyCon US registration via your dashboard. Last year we sold out quickly, so if you’d like to go, reserve your ticket soon!The format of the auction will be live bidding.Sponsors have the opportunity to donate auction items for the event. If you have any questions about the auction or are interested in participating, please contact our Auction Coordinators. Contributing sponsors will be highlighted in event marketing materials and during the event.Please note that we cannot accept donations of guns, alcohol, cars, real estate, or houses. We may decline other gifts that are inappropriate or impractical at the PSF’s discretion (for example, sorry, no puppies!).PyLadies is an international mentorship group with a focus on helping more women become active participants and leaders in the Python open-source community. PyLadies’ mission is to promote, educate, and advance a diverse Python community through outreach, education, conferences, events, and social gatherings. PyLadies is a fiscal sponsoree of the Python Software Foundation.PyLadies aims to provide a friendly support network for women and a bridge to the larger Python world. Anyone with an interest in Python is encouraged to participate! Check out local meetups around the world.DonationsIf you are interested in donating an item to the auction, please complete our donation form. Thank you to our returning Lead PyLadies Auction Sponsor, Capital One and thank you also to our   PyLadies Auction Sponsors                      