 Traveling to Pittsburgh    This page is to help attendees find information regarding the various ways of getting to PyCon US 2024 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania USA.BY AIR — PITTSBURGH INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT (PIT)Pittsburgh International Airport (PIT) is approximately 35 miles west of the David L. Lawrence Convention Center. Here you can view the layout of the airport.AIRPORT TO DOWNTOWNPittsburgh Bus InfoFrom Pittsburgh International Airport, consider using the 28X Airport Flyer, operated by Port Authority of Pittsburgh (public transportation)Approximately every 30 minutes outside Baggage Claim Door #2Customers with a ConnectCard or ConnectTix will pay a discounted fare of $2.50 per ride. Customers paying cash will be charged $2.75 at the farebox. ConnectCards may be purchased in Baggage Claim at the ticket vending machine, next to Door #2. Credit cards are accepted.All 28X vehicles are wheelchair accessible.Riders using cash to pay their transit fares must have exact change; credit cards are not accepted on vehicles.You can also purchase mobile tickets by using the Transit app or Ready2Ride application on iOS or Android devices. Click here to learn more.3-Hour Pass-$2.75Day Pass- $77-Day Pass (expires 7 days after first use)- $25Ride-sharing is available in Pittsburgh. Follow the airport signs to the pickup area.Note: International travelers require a valid passport book to travel to the US by air and will need to go through customs and border control on the way to PyCon US 2024. See section below on "Visa Requirements & Invitation Letters".BY TRAIN — AMTRAKThere is Amtrak rail service to Pittsburgh Union Station, which is 0.3 miles from the David L. Lawrence Convention Center. For more information on this station, please visit Amtrak’s info page.To book your reservation, visit amtrak.com or call Amtrak at one of the numbers below.Domestic: 1 (800) 872-7245International: 1 (215) 856-7924BY BUSThe nearest Greyhound stop to the convention center is located at:55 11th StPittsburgh, PA 15222View this address on Google MapsTo view more info about this station, visit Greyhound’s page for the Pittsburgh Intermodal Station.VISA REQUIREMENTS & INVITATION LETTERSA valid passport is required for all visitors to enter the US. Depending on where you are coming from, you may need additional documents/visas. Please be sure to check the US Customs Website for further details.Visa and invitation letters: Visitor visa applicants may need letters or other documents indicating the purpose of their visit, evidence of funds to cover accommodation and food, and so on. The PyCon US organizers are happy to provide a visa or invitation letter if you need one; we do suggest, however, that you check with your local embassy or consulate, as requirements differ from country to country.Visa letters can be requested once you have a fully paid and confirmed conference registration. The letter confirms that as a registered delegate, you are invited to attend by the Python Software Foundation (PSF) and the PyCon US 2024 Committee.Invitation letters can be requested in lieu of a “Visa Letter” if you do not have a confirmed, paid conference registration and are still waiting to register for any reason at the time of your request. The letter serves as an invitation from the Python Software Foundation (PSF) and the PyCon US 2024 Committee to register for and attend the conference, but cannot confirm your participation.Please fill out this form to request a Visa Letter or an Invitation Letter.        