 Venue and Hotels    Warning: Beware of Housing Pirates!PyCon US and our official housing partner, Orchid Events, know that attendees and sponsors may be contacted by a third party agency urging them to book accommodations for the conference through them.Please be aware that this is a scam, as these rooms are usually offered at higher rates, are non-refundable and/or carry a significant cancellation penalty. Orchid Events is the only official housing agency for PyCon US. Neither Visit Pittsburgh nor PyCon US is calling delegates to sell rooms.If you are contacted by an agency, other than the official PyCon US housing service, offering to make your hotel reservations, we urge you to not use their services. We cannot protect you against them if you do book a reservation.PyCon US and the PSF are not responsible for any hotel reservations made outside of the official housing bureau. Only book hotel reservations through our registration site to ensure you receive the conference rate and are guaranteed a hotel room.Convention Center:David L. Lawrence Convention Center1000 Fort Duquesne Blvd.Pittsburgh, PA 15222From the start of tutorials to the close of sprints, PyCon US 2024 is taking place at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center.The convention center has shared information regarding the building's accessibility on this page.Hotels - PyCon US Hotel Block is SOLD OUT.Listed below are the hotels with which PyCon US has negotiated discount rates. These conference rates are only available to attendees of the PyCon US conference who make reservations through our conference registration site. You can book a hotel from your dashboard once you have a completed conference registration.This year, all hotels are conveniently located and are within walking distance of the convention center.Embassy Suites by Hilton Downtown PittsburghReservations are now closed.535 Smithfield StreetPittsburgh, PA 15222$206 USD/night (plus tax)Drury Plaza Hotel Pittsburgh DowntownReservations are now closed.745 Grant StreetPittsburgh, PA 15219Starting at $189 USD/night (plus tax)Omni William Penn HotelReservations are now closed.530 William Penn PlacePittsburgh, PA 15219$205 USD/night (plus tax)The Westin PittsburghReservations are now closed.1000 William Penn AvenuePittsburgh, PA 15222$209 USD/night (plus tax)  Questions?If you have questions or issues with Hotel bookings created through PyCon US's registration system, please send an email to: pycon-reg@python.org. You can also contact our housing partner, Orchid by phone at 1-877-505-0689 or +1-801-505-5255 (international), or by email: help@orchid.events.        