 Volunteering    Have a couple of hours to give? PyCon US is, in large part, organized and run by volunteers from the Python community. We're aiming to fill over 300 onsite volunteer hours to help make sure everything runs smoothly and would greatly appreciate your help!Please read about the role details and responsibilities below and follow the links to sign up!How to sign up: Please log into your profile on the PyCon US website, be sure you are registered for the conference, and update your info so we can be in contact. Follow the links below to sign up for specific roles. To sign up for an open volunteer shift, click the [+] in the corresponding box. After signing up, you will see your shifts on your dashboard! Your dashboard is also where you can “opt out” of shifts after signing up if needed.VOLUNTEER SIGN-UPRegistrationSign-up hereWhen: May 15 - 19, 2024Information DeskSign-up hereWhen: May 15 - 19, 2024Green RoomSign-up hereWhen: May 15 - 19, 2024Tutorial HostsSign-up hereWhen: May 15 - 16, 2024Swag Set-up (please note this position is physical and volunteers will be lifting and unpacking boxes)Sign-up hereWhen: May 16, 2024Swag HandoutSign-up hereWhen: May 17 - May 18, 2024Session Staff (Chair/ Runner)Check out details hereWhen: May 17 - May 18, 2024PyLadies Auction HelpersSign-up hereWhen: May 18, 2024 (Saturday Evening)PSF BoothSign-up hereWhen: May 16-May 18, 2024Code of Conduct CommitteeSubmit application hereWhen: May 15-May 22, 2024VOLUNTEER ROLE DETAILS AND RESPONSIBILITIESREGISTRATION (click here to sign up)Someone needs to say "Welcome! What is your name?", help attendees to print their name tag (if needed), and hand them their badge holder and lanyard. This is a great way to meet people and answer basic questions. If this is your first PyCon US, it's a good way to get into volunteering and network!Please report to the Registration Counters in Concourse A at your scheduled time.INFORMATION DESK (click here to sign up)There are always lots of questions that need answering and directions that need giving!Please report to the Information Counter at your scheduled time.GREEN ROOM (click here to sign up)Green Room volunteers coordinate the Session Runners and Chairs. They check-in volunteers and speakers, take charge of timing of talks, use a walkie-talkie, and reassure speakers before their talk. Please report to Room 312 at the time of your shift.TUTORIAL HOSTS (click here to sign up)We're looking for one or two Tutorial Hosts for each tutorial to help welcome and scan in participants as they arrive, be sure they're in the right tutorial, give them any printed handouts, and ask them if they need help setting up their laptop, etc.Pro tip: Sign up to help with a tutorial you would like to attend, and save your seat first!Please report to Room 312 at least 30 minutes before the tutorial – that is 30 minutes before the time slot you sign up for!SWAG SETUP (click here to sign up)This is a physical role. We will be moving boxes and unboxing swag, getting ready to hand them out.Meet at the Swag Table at your scheduled time.SWAG HANDOUT (click here to sign up)Help distribute stickers and t-shirts; especially during that busy first morning of the conference.Meet at the Swag Table at your scheduled time.SESSION STAFF (read more details and sign up here)Session Chairs sit in the room where speakers and talks are taking place, introduce the speaker, manage the time by holding signs, and facilitate the question and answer period. Must have a smartphone and Slack.Session Runners (no actual running required) accompany the speaker from the Green Room to the room of their talk. Helps or waits for the AV team to hook up the laptop for presentation and makes sure everything is working. Free to watch the talk and then return to the Green Room for the next speaker.PYLADIES AUCTION HELPERS (click here to sign up)Setup: The PyLadies Auction needs staff to help for the event! Important to note: A PyLadies Auction ticket must be purchased to volunteer. To save your place at the Auction, add the PyLadies Auction to your PyCon US registration via your dashboard. Meet in the Staff Office in Room 306/307. Help shuttle auction items to PyLadies Auction room and arrange for viewing. Please report at the time of the start of your shift on Saturday, May 18, 2024.Runner: The PyLadies Auction needs staff to help for the event! Important to note: A PyLadies Auction ticket must be purchased to volunteer. To save your place at the Auction, add the PyLadies Auction to your PyCon US registration via your dashboard. Meet at PyLadies Auction Room Ballroom A. Walk items around the ballroom floor for attendees to get a better look at what is being bid on. Please report at the time of the start of your shift on Saturday, May 18, 2024PSF Booth (click here to sign up)Before the Opening Reception, PSF Booth Volunteers help set up the PSF’s booth in the Expo Hall. During the Opening Reception and main conference days, PSF Booth Volunteers work with PSF staff and Board members to help answer questions about the PSF that booth visitors have, after a very brief training and with resources and supervisors available. After the main conference days, PSF Booth Volunteers help break down the booth and pack up anything that needs to go into storage. (We’ve heard rumors that Booth volunteers also get a special sticker, but we can neither confirm nor deny.)Code of Conduct CommitteePyCon US is a community conference where we want every attendee to feel welcome and have an enjoyable, fulfilling experience. We are looking for volunteers to help the PyCon US team enforce the PyCon US Code of Conduct as well as to take Code of Conduct reports as needed to help us ensure that all attendees feel safe and respected during their time at PyCon US.If you are interested in volunteering for this committee, please submit an application here.        